---
title: 考研复试准备：英语口语
date: 2021-03-04 00:42:35
updated: 2021-03-23 01:16:15
tags: 考研
categories:
---

## 个人介绍

### 苏苏篇

Dear professors, I'm so glad to meet all of you here. My name is Su Linlin, 22 years old, coming from Guangxi Wuzhou. Now I study in Guangxi Normal University, majoring in Computer Science and Technology.

During my undergraduate period, I was an assistant professor for freshmen, and carried out plenty of activities while I was in charge, such as Freshman class meetings, the Mid-Autumn festival party and so on, which improved my ability of organization and coordination. I am a person with great courage, Although there were many difficulties in my college life, like keeping balance between school activities and study, I got over of them in the end. Instead of being defeated by challenge, I always face it bravely and overcome it with persistent effort.

There are two reasons why I want to further my study here. On the hand I love my major. I have participated in many competitions in college, and there is no doubt that I will work in this field in the future. On the other hand, our school have great influence in the field of Computer Science in Guangxi. And There are so many excellent teachers here. I want to be guided by them in theory and practice to further enhance my scientific research ability.

That's all about my self-introduction, thanks for listening, and I sincerely hope that I could get the opportunity to finish my postgraduate courses here. Thank you!

### 怼怼篇

Good afternoon, dear professors. It is my great pleasure to be here for this interview. My name is Gan Zeming, and graduated from Computer Science and Technology Department of GuangXi Normal University.

During my four-year-study in the university as an undergraduate student, I have built up a solid foundation of professional knowledge. I have participated in many subject competitions and obtained a number of honorary certificates. I have also worked as a teaching assistant in an algorithm class, which helped me to understand algorithms more deeply and learn how to teach other students in an easy-to-understand way. I'll improve my professional skills if I have free time, such as trying to make some small programs. It really gives me a great sense of accomplishment.

What's more, GuangXi Normal University is the university I have long admired. If I have the opportunity to take up advanced studies in the university, I will spare no effort to make some achievements in the field.

Thank you for your attention!

## 日常相关问题

### 考研原因 further your study

Firstly, I have a profound love in my major, which is very useful. I can broaden my horizon and enrich the knowledge in this field. 

Secondly, through four years' study in university I find the knowledge I have mastered is not enough to solve some specific problems. So I decide to further my education and take the postgraduate entrance examination.

Last but not least, I love the atmosphere of campus, it is very helpful for study.

For all the reasons mentioned above, I choose to take part in this entrance exam. I would be very grateful if I could be given the opportunity to study in your university.

### 选择本校原因 study in our university

I prefer to study in this university for 3 reasons.

First, I love this city. (介绍这个城市独特的魅力). It is also far away from my hometown. In the past 20 years, I have never lived by myself. I would like to take this opportunity to be independent. // it is also very close to my hometown. So I can still be together with my parents and take good care of them. They are growing aged and need my accompany.

### 选择本专业原因 Major

### 家庭

Three members, parents & me
father, strict with me, ask me work and rest on time
mother, tolerant & considerate, inspire me to overcome difficulties
I am very grateful to them, because they have been supporting me silently when I prepare for postgraduate entrance examination
plays an important role in my life
I'm very competitive and it means a lot to me to be the best. Have the patience to complete many things

### 爱好

jogging with my roomates
Relaxing and comforting
Ease my pressure on study
calm down
get rid of tired
just like running through my entire life, keep moving
Maybe it has a long way ahead, but the next corner may be hope

### 故乡

Nanning
capital of GuangXi
the politics, economic, cultural center
Nanning international convention & exhibition center, holds international activities
relax the best choice for you，Qingxiu Hill, 烧烤，和朋友 hiking，增进友谊
special local food，Old friends powder, a bit sour and spicy, very delicious
welcome to my hometown if you have spare time and enjoy yourselves!

### 优点 strength

one of my advantages is that I can persist in doing something, and want to make it the best as the best it can be.
For example, I like to write some summaries of a certain knowledge, and always amend them for many times until I'm totally satisfied.
In the process of continuous study, I can recognize my shortcomings or mistakes in time, and correct them.

### 缺点 weakness

俗话说 Nobody is perfect
My disadvantage is that I am not good at expressing myself, for many things, I can not say exactly what I want. It means that I may prefer to try something in person rather than talking.
could not cooperate well with other people at first，所以去当助教，对他人耐心，explain clearly，trying hard to get over with this

### 敬佩的人

Mother
tolerant 犯错能原谅我，鼓舞我, considerate 准备晚餐
She had such an influence on me that I want to become the best as the best can be.

### 参考

https://www.zhihu.com/question/39192524

## 句式总结

willing to do
play an important role in my life
In my opinion / view
